Eastern cheshire health and social care
services are undergoing a radical
rethink all the agencies involved in
delivering your care are working
together on a new approach
it's called caring together and it's an
approach that puts you at the center of
your care but what does good care mean
to you
good joined up care means that I don't
have to repeat my story to lots of
different care professionals staff would
already know my history good care means
that I'm always treated with dignity and
respect
as a busy working mum joined-up care
means I can access support when and
where I need it so it fits in with my
life and for me it means I'm supported
in looking after myself so I can stay
independent and what about the people
who work or volunteer in health and
social care it means I can share
information with my colleagues quickly
and easily it means making changes to
the behind-the-scenes things that
affects everyone's care like computer
systems and training for staff
it means we can avoid duplication and
work and care together in a more
coordinated way
so that time and resource isn't wasted
and we can offer people a better service
we understand that this is a huge
challenge but it's a challenge we need
to address after all we're all living
longer which is good news for us but it
also means we're using health and social
care services for longer - this means a
greater demand for services whilst our
funding is staying the same so we've got
to think smarter to get more out of our
existing facilities and resources we
already have some excellent examples of
services that have found ways of taking
waste and duplication out of the way
they work
so now we just need to replicate this
approach across the whole system and
really join up the way we deliver care
in the process the result everyone
working together designing and
delivering care around the needs of the
person not the needs of the service and
the best part everyone can have a part
to play in delivering this new caring
together approach by becoming a caring
together champion you can have your say
on how health and social care services
should be delivered to you your families
and your friends to make caring together
work for everyone involved it's time to
unite and champion a new way forward
after all it's only by working together
that we can sustain services into the
future for all of us if you would like
to help design how health and social
care services will be delivered in the
future then join us and become a caring
together champion today